docs/api_reference/03_scrapers.md, before:

# Scrapers

## AnimeFLVScraper

### Imports

```python
from ani_scrapy import AnimeFLVScraper
```

### Methods

#### search_anime

```python
async def search_anime(query: str, page: int = 1) -> PagedSearchAnimeInfo
```

Searches for anime on AnimeFLV.

**Parameters:**

- `query`: Search term (min 3 characters)
- `page`: Page number (default: 1)

**Raises:**

- `ValueError` for invalid parameters
- `ScraperBlockedError` if request is blocked
- `ScraperTimeoutError` on timeout
- `ScraperParseError` on parsing errors

#### get_anime_info

```python
async def get_anime_info(anime_id: str, include_episodes: bool = True) -> AnimeInfo
```

Gets detailed anime information.

**Parameters:**

- `anime_id`: Anime identifier
- `include_episodes`: Include episodes in the returned `AnimeInfo` object (default: True)

**Raises:**

- `TypeError` for invalid anime_id
- `ScraperBlockedError` if request is blocked
- `ScraperTimeoutError` on timeout
- `ScraperParseError` on parsing errors

#### get_new_episodes

```python
async def get_new_episodes(anime_id: str, last_episode_number: int) -> list[EpisodeInfo]
```

Fetches newly released episodes for an anime starting from the last known episode.

**Parameters:**

- `anime_id`: Anime identifier.
- `last_episode_number`: Last known episode number (≥0).

**Returns:**

- A list of `EpisodeInfo` objects representing the new episodes found.

**Raises:**

- `ValueError` if `last_episode_number` is invalid.
- `TypeError` if `anime_id` is invalid.
- `ScraperBlockedError` if the request is blocked.
- `ScraperTimeoutError` on timeout.
- `ScraperParseError` if parsing the response fails.

#### get_table_download_links

```python
async def get_table_download_links(anime_id: str, episode_number: int) -> EpisodeDownloadInfo
```

Gets direct download links from table servers.

**Parameters:**

- `anime_id`: Anime identifier
- `episode_number`: Episode number (≥0)

**Raises:**

- `ValueError` for invalid episode_number
- `ScraperBlockedError` if request is blocked
- `ScraperTimeoutError` on timeout
- `ScraperParseError` on parsing errors

#### get_iframe_download_links

```python
async def get_iframe_download_links(anime_id: str, episode_number: int) -> EpisodeDownloadInfo
```

Gets download links from iframe-embedded content (requires browser).

**Parameters:**

- `anime_id`: Anime identifier
- `episode_number`: Episode number (≥0)

**Raises:**

- `ValueError` for invalid episode_number
- `ScraperBlockedError` if request is blocked
- `ScraperTimeoutError` on timeout
- `ScraperParseError` on parsing errors

#### get_file_download_link

```python
async def get_file_download_link(download_info: DownloadLinkInfo) -> str | None
```

Resolves final download URLs from intermediate links.

**Parameters:**

- `download_info`: Download information object

**Raises:**

- `TypeError` for invalid download_info
- `ScraperTimeoutError` on timeout

---

## JKAnimeScraper

### Imports

```python
from ani_scrapy import JKAnimeScraper
```

### Methods

#### search_anime

```python
async def search_anime(query: str, page: int = 1) -> PagedSearchAnimeInfo
```

Searches for anime on JKAnime.

**Parameters:**

- `query`: Search term (min 3 characters)
- `page`: Page number (default: 1)

**Raises:**

- `ValueError` for invalid query
- `ScraperBlockedError` if request is blocked
- `ScraperTimeoutError` on timeout
- `ScraperParseError` on parsing errors

#### get_anime_info

```python
async def get_anime_info(anime_id: str, include_episodes: bool = True) -> AnimeInfo
```

Gets detailed anime information (requires browser for JKAnime).

**Parameters:**

- `anime_id`: Anime identifier
- `include_episodes`: Include episodes in the returned `AnimeInfo` object (default: True)

**Raises:**

- `TypeError` for invalid anime_id
- `ScraperBlockedError` if request is blocked
- `ScraperTimeoutError` on timeout
- `ScraperParseError` on parsing errors

#### get_new_episodes

```python
async def get_new_episodes(anime_id: str, last_episode_number: int) -> list[EpisodeInfo]
```

Fetches newly released episodes for an anime starting from the last known episode.

**Parameters:**

- `anime_id`: Anime identifier.
- `last_episode_number`: Last known episode number (≥0).

**Returns:**

- A list of `EpisodeInfo` objects representing the new episodes found.

**Raises:**

- `ValueError` if `last_episode_number` is invalid.
- `TypeError` if `anime_id` is invalid.
- `ScraperBlockedError` if the request is blocked.
- `ScraperTimeoutError` on timeout.
- `ScraperParseError` if parsing the response fails.

#### get_table_download_links

```python
async def get_table_download_links(anime_id: str, episode_number: int) -> EpisodeDownloadInfo
```

Gets direct download links from table servers.

**Parameters:**

- `anime_id`: Anime identifier
- `episode_number`: Episode number (≥0)

**Raises:**

- `ValueError` for invalid episode_number
- `ScraperBlockedError` if request is blocked
- `ScraperTimeoutError` on timeout
- `ScraperParseError` on parsing errors

#### get_iframe_download_links

```python
async def get_iframe_download_links(anime_id: str, episode_number: int) -> EpisodeDownloadInfo
```

_Not supported yet for JKAnime_

---

#### get_file_download_link

```python
async def get_file_download_link(download_info: DownloadLinkInfo) -> str | None
```

Resolves final download URLs from intermediate links.

**Parameters:**

- `download_info`: Download information object

**Raises:**

- `TypeError` for invalid download_info
- `ValueError` for unsupported servers
- `ScraperTimeoutError` on timeout

---

## Supported Servers

| Servicio        | AnimeFLV | JKAnime |
| --------------- | -------- | ------- |
| Streamwish (SW) | ✓        | ✓       |
| YourUpload      | ✓        | ✗       |
| Mediafire       | ✗        | ✓       |

Commit message:

fix: correct playwright lifecycle and resource cleanup
- browser.py: use proper async context manager for playwright
- animeflv/scraper.py: remove duplicate aclose method
- jkanime/scraper.py: reorder methods to match animeflv
- base.py: add start_browser/stop_browser methods
- docs: add Windows troubleshooting and resource management
- docs: document 3 browser usage patterns
- examples: add shared browser example
- chore: bump version to 0.3.2

docs/api_reference/03_scrapers.md, after:

# Scrapers

## AnimeFLVScraper

### Imports

```python
from ani_scrapy import AnimeFLVScraper
```

### Methods

#### search_anime

```python
async def search_anime(query: str, page: int = 1) -> PagedSearchAnimeInfo
```

Searches for anime on AnimeFLV.

**Parameters:**

- `query`: Search term (min 3 characters)
- `page`: Page number (default: 1)

**Raises:**

- `ValueError` for invalid parameters
- `ScraperBlockedError` if request is blocked
- `ScraperTimeoutError` on timeout
- `ScraperParseError` on parsing errors

#### get_anime_info

```python
async def get_anime_info(anime_id: str, include_episodes: bool = True) -> AnimeInfo
```

Gets detailed anime information.

**Parameters:**

- `anime_id`: Anime identifier
- `include_episodes`: Include episodes in the returned `AnimeInfo` object (default: True)

**Raises:**

- `TypeError` for invalid anime_id
- `ScraperBlockedError` if request is blocked
- `ScraperTimeoutError` on timeout
- `ScraperParseError` on parsing errors

#### get_new_episodes

```python
async def get_new_episodes(anime_id: str, last_episode_number: int) -> list[EpisodeInfo]
```

Fetches newly released episodes for an anime starting from the last known episode.

**Parameters:**

- `anime_id`: Anime identifier.
- `last_episode_number`: Last known episode number (≥0).

**Returns:**

- A list of `EpisodeInfo` objects representing the new episodes found.

**Raises:**

- `ValueError` if `last_episode_number` is invalid.
- `TypeError` if `anime_id` is invalid.
- `ScraperBlockedError` if the request is blocked.
- `ScraperTimeoutError` on timeout.
- `ScraperParseError` if parsing the response fails.

#### get_table_download_links

```python
async def get_table_download_links(anime_id: str, episode_number: int) -> EpisodeDownloadInfo
```

Gets direct download links from table servers.

**Parameters:**

- `anime_id`: Anime identifier
- `episode_number`: Episode number (≥0)

**Raises:**

- `ValueError` for invalid episode_number
- `ScraperBlockedError` if request is blocked
- `ScraperTimeoutError` on timeout
- `ScraperParseError` on parsing errors

#### get_iframe_download_links

```python
async def get_iframe_download_links(anime_id: str, episode_number: int) -> EpisodeDownloadInfo
```

Gets download links from iframe-embedded content (requires browser).

**Parameters:**

- `anime_id`: Anime identifier
- `episode_number`: Episode number (≥0)

**Raises:**

- `ValueError` for invalid episode_number
- `ScraperBlockedError` if request is blocked
- `ScraperTimeoutError` on timeout
- `ScraperParseError` on parsing errors

#### get_file_download_link

```python
async def get_file_download_link(download_info: DownloadLinkInfo) -> str | None
```

Resolves final download URLs from intermediate links.

**Parameters:**

- `download_info`: Download information object

**Raises:**

- `TypeError` for invalid download_info
- `ScraperTimeoutError` on timeout

---

## JKAnimeScraper

### Imports

```python
from ani_scrapy import JKAnimeScraper
```

### Methods

#### search_anime

```python
async def search_anime(query: str, page: int = 1) -> PagedSearchAnimeInfo
```

Searches for anime on JKAnime.

**Parameters:**

- `query`: Search term (min 3 characters)
- `page`: Page number (default: 1)

**Raises:**

- `ValueError` for invalid query
- `ScraperBlockedError` if request is blocked
- `ScraperTimeoutError` on timeout
- `ScraperParseError` on parsing errors

#### get_anime_info

```python
async def get_anime_info(anime_id: str, include_episodes: bool = True) -> AnimeInfo
```

Gets detailed anime information (requires browser for JKAnime).

**Parameters:**

- `anime_id`: Anime identifier
- `include_episodes`: Include episodes in the returned `AnimeInfo` object (default: True)

**Raises:**

- `TypeError` for invalid anime_id
- `ScraperBlockedError` if request is blocked
- `ScraperTimeoutError` on timeout
- `ScraperParseError` on parsing errors

#### get_new_episodes

```python
async def get_new_episodes(anime_id: str, last_episode_number: int) -> list[EpisodeInfo]
```

Fetches newly released episodes for an anime starting from the last known episode.

**Parameters:**

- `anime_id`: Anime identifier.
- `last_episode_number`: Last known episode number (≥0).

**Returns:**

- A list of `EpisodeInfo` objects representing the new episodes found.

**Raises:**

- `ValueError` if `last_episode_number` is invalid.
- `TypeError` if `anime_id` is invalid.
- `ScraperBlockedError` if the request is blocked.
- `ScraperTimeoutError` on timeout.
- `ScraperParseError` if parsing the response fails.

#### get_table_download_links

```python
async def get_table_download_links(anime_id: str, episode_number: int) -> EpisodeDownloadInfo
```

Gets direct download links from table servers.

**Parameters:**

- `anime_id`: Anime identifier
- `episode_number`: Episode number (≥0)

**Raises:**

- `ValueError` for invalid episode_number
- `ScraperBlockedError` if request is blocked
- `ScraperTimeoutError` on timeout
- `ScraperParseError` on parsing errors

#### get_iframe_download_links

```python
async def get_iframe_download_links(anime_id: str, episode_number: int) -> EpisodeDownloadInfo
```

_Not supported yet for JKAnime_

---

#### get_file_download_link

```python
async def get_file_download_link(download_info: DownloadLinkInfo) -> str | None
```

Resolves final download URLs from intermediate links.

**Parameters:**

- `download_info`: Download information object

**Raises:**

- `TypeError` for invalid download_info
- `ValueError` for unsupported servers
- `ScraperTimeoutError` on timeout

#### Resource Management

Both scrapers implement the async context manager protocol:

```python
async with AnimeFLVScraper() as scraper:
    # ... use scraper
# Resources are automatically closed here
```

You can also manually close resources using `aclose()`:

```python
scraper = AnimeFLVScraper()
try:
    info = await scraper.get_anime_info("anime-id")
finally:
    await scraper.aclose()  # Always close to release resources
```

The `aclose()` method ensures:
- HTTP session is closed
- Browser (if created) is closed
- Playwright context is properly cleaned up

---

## Supported Servers

| Servicio        | AnimeFLV | JKAnime |
| --------------- | -------- | ------- |
| Streamwish (SW) | ✓        | ✓       |
| YourUpload      | ✓        | ✗       |
| Mediafire       | ✗        | ✓       |
